A Tutorial on Spectral Clustering
A tutorial on spectral clustering.
Efficient Estimation of Word Representations in Vector Space
Efficient estimation of word representations in vector space. arXiv preprint arXiv
A fast and simple algorithm for training neural probabilistic language models.
Andriy Mnih and Yee Whye Teh. A fast and simple algorithm for training neural probabilistic language models. arXiv preprint arXiv
A Guide to Visual Multi-Level Interface Design From Synthesis of Empirical Study Evidence
A guide to visual multi-level interface design from synthesis of empirical study evidence. Synthesis Lectures on Visualization
Coordinated Graph and Scatter-Plot Views for the Visual Exploration of Microarray Time-Series Data.
Coordinated graph and scatter-plot views for the visual exploration of microarray time-series data. In
COSMIC: mining complete cancer genomes in the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer.
Cosmic: mining complete cancer genomes in the catalogue of somatic mutations in cancer. Nucleic Acids Res, 39(Database issue
Pathline: A Tool For Comparative Functional Genomics.
Pathline: A tool for comparative functional genomics. Computer Graphics Forum (Proc. EuroVis
NCBI reference sequences (RefSeq): a curated non-redundant sequence database of genomes, transcripts and proteins.
NCBI reference sequences (RefSeq): a curated non-redundant sequence database of genomes, transcripts and proteins. Nucleic Acids Res, 35(Database issue
Reorganizing the protein space at the Universal Protein Resource (UniProt).
Reorganizing the protein space at the Universal Protein Resource (UniProt). Nucleic Acids Res, 40(Database issue
Recommender Systems.
Recommender systems: from algorithms to user experience.
Modern Information Retrieval
Modern information retrieval, volume
The InfoVis Toolkit.
The infovis toolkit. In Information Visualization
Action-Based Visualization.
ZELDES A.: ANNIS3: A new architecture for generic corpus query and visualization. Literary and Linguistic Computing
Tweet sentiment analysis with classifier ensembles.
Tweet sentiment analysis with classifier ensembles. Decision Support Systems
Time.
Turbulence and temporality: (re)visualizing poetic time. things my computer taught me about poems
Optimization
Optimal Compaction of Orthogonal Grid Drawings.
Self-Adjusting Binary Search Trees
Tarjan: Self-Adjusting Binary Search Trees
Collaborative location and activity recommendations with GPS history data.
Collaborative location and activity recommendations with GPS history data. In
Syntactic Clustering of the Web.
ZWEIG G.: Syntactic Clustering of the Web. Computer Networks and ISDN Systemsundefined
Graphs.
Community detection in graphs.
A new methodology for constructing a publication-level classification system of science
A new methodology for constructing a publication-level classification system of science.
Multiresolution Analysis with Non-Nested Spaces.
BLaC-wavelets: a multiresolution analysis with non-nested spaces
Applications
Real virtual environment applications-now
Parallel Coordinates.
Continuous Parallel Coordinates
Fully Dynamic Betweenness Centrality.
A faster algorithm for fully dynamic betweenness centrality
Applications
Decision Theoretic Generalizations of the PAC Model for Neural Net and Other Learning Applications
Foundations.
Neural Network Learning - Theoretical Foundations.
Information Science.
The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory. Statistics for engineering and information science.
Select Z Bibliography.
Algorithms for Drawing Graphs: an Annotated Bibliography.
Web Image Clustering.
A Fast Algorithm for Balanced Graph Clustering.
Action-Based Visualization.
Network Visualization.
Neural Networks.
The impact of name ambiguity on properties of coauthorship networks.
Network Analysis.
CHI 1994–2013: Mapping two decades of intellectual progress through co-word analysis.
Analysis.
Creativity and conformity in science: Titles, keywords and co-word analysis.
Drift analysis.
Interactive dynamics for visual analysis.
Mapping Topics and Topic Bursts in PNAS
Mapping topics and topic bursts in PNAS.
Object-Oriented Reengineering Patterns - Version of 2009-09-28.
Design Challenges and Solutions: Review of the 4th International Workshop on Ubiquitous Computing (iUBICOM 2009).
Object-Oriented Reengineering Patterns - Version of 2009-09-28.
Design Challenges and Solutions: Review of the 4th International Workshop on Ubiquitous Computing (iUBICOM 2009).
Object-Oriented Reengineering Patterns - Version of 2009-09-28.
Design Challenges and Solutions: Review of the 4th International Workshop on Ubiquitous Computing (iUBICOM 2009).
Using Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012, Second Edition
Nordic Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, NordiCHI '12, Copenhagen, Denmark, October 14-17, 2012
Neural Networks.
Social Networks.
Neural Networks.
Social Networks.
Graph Mining: Laws, Tools, and Case Studies
Graph Mining: Laws, Tools, and Case Studies.
Big Data.
BiNA: a visual analytics tool for biological network data.
Web Image Clustering.
Energy Models for Graph Clustering.
Ties.
Group-in-a-box metalayouts for topological clusters and attribute-based groups: Space-efficient visualizations of network communities and their ties.
Graphs.
The Readability of Path-Preserving Clustering of Graphs.
Task-Analytic Approach to the Automated Design of Graphic Presentations.
A task-analytic approach to the automated design of graphic presentations.
The GRelC Project: From 2001 to 2011, 10 Years Working on Grid-DBMSs.
Turbulence Modelling for CFD-Methods for Containment Flows - Annual Report 06/2010-06/2011.
Web Image Clustering.
Identification of overlapping community structure in complex networks using fuzzy-means clustering.
Graphs.
Multi-circular layout of micro/macro graphs.
Force-Directed Drawing Algorithms.
Force-directed drawing algorithms. In Handbook of Graph Drawing and Visualization.
Fitness Functions for the Optimization of Self-Organizing Maps.
Parallelizing Self-Organizing Maps.
Advances in Databases, 16th British National Conferenc on Databases, BNCOD 16, Cardiff, Wales, U.K., July 6-8, 1998, Proceedings
Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX Workshop on Electronic Commerce, Boston, Massachusetts, USA, August 31 - September 3, 1998
Foundations.
Complexity and management: Moving from fad to firm foundations.
Fractal Geometry of Nature.
The fractal geometry of nature.
6th International Workshop on Semantic Ambient Media Experiences (SAME 2014): ambient & smart media usability, interaction, and technologies.
Proceedings of the 8th Nordic Conference on Human-Computer Interaction: Fun, Fast, Foundational, Helsinki, Finland, October 26-30, 2014
A Calculus for Transportation Systems.
Advanced Technologies for Intelligent Transportation Systems.
Software.
TransCAD Transportation Planning Software.
Action-Based Visualization.
The value of visualization...and why interaction matters, capstone speech, eurovis
One-class collaborative filtering with random graphs.
One-class Collaborative Filtering with Random Graphs: Annotated Version.